okay hi everyone hi girls
I'm gonna toot today I'm going to teach
you how to make turbo game it's actually
same recipes as you will make type II
everybody has a different way of cooking
but I still like to marinate the way how
i marinate the päivi you can always have
carrots and round onions and stuff but
you want the meat to be really tender
and really juicy so main ingredients
this is a meat I have two or three
pounds a thing is not sliced meat when
you go to Asian grocery store they sell
them like this all the time and I have
big round onion I'm going to be using
half for the marinade and I'm going to
be using half when you cook we're going
to slice this on the side and so my
daughters can pick out she loves to eat
the round onion the grilled wild onion
so I'm making that um green onion it's a
winter so which means you know it's
fully skinny I have some ginger ginger
is healthy for you and some garlic and
as always is I'm using 7up because it
has a sugar and everything so but and
really makes them equally tender so
first thing I'm going to be doing is
I'll be slicing the round onion cut them
in cube and I'm gonna put them in my
food processor or the chopper and
Oh swallow this why is it so slippery
okay green onion that will probably
going to be about a cup when you put
them in a little container so I'm not
even gonna bother to do that you could
always add more round onion so wrong
tell you what it does with it is it kind
of longer if I have sorry it's hard to
get changing right you don't have to
make it really pretty to chop it so put
them in their minds always liquidy the
garlic I would say this is going to be
about a 1 tablespoon teaspoon 2
tablespoon
I'm just gonna put them in there yeah
that looks about T 1/2 tablespoon to and
the garlic
5 6 pieces but I don't know how much
that would be I would say about a
tablespoon okay um I'm gonna brine
you're supposed to puree this so okay
put all that in there now if you have
Asian pear you could put that I don't
have one and I usually don't put them
anyways so 7up does the job okay now
we're going to be adding soy sauce I'm
gonna put one cup
cup soy sauce and the sesame oil I'm
putting in 1 tbsp black pepper
about a teaspoon if you don't like it
spicy go now okay just ah we have a fly
can you believe a fly catcher one of
them does not get when you went to throw
trash this is a teaspoon so I'm gonna
add a teaspoon of meeting you don't have
that's fine too 7-up put about 1/2 cup
and a half of stepping up from here see
what it does bubbly
we're going to add sugar I have a half
cup here
mix it all then
now taste now Precog is sweet so you
want to taste the marinade to make sure
it's sweet mine is a little bit sweet
not too sweet you like a sweeter you
could add more what we're going to do is
I'm going to put this in here and we're
going to marinate this mix everything up
okay
so just mix it well and what we're going
to do is I'm going to put this in a
little container and we're going to put
them in a refrigerator and it tastes
better about an hour later you could eat
it now if you're hungry and this will
serve probably a street pal so six
people well maybe not
okay so it's all marinated doggies okay
show them how we normally eat fish yes
that's me oil that we're gonna spring
uh-huh this is large so it's like for us
into the like life compared to the
dinner plate yeah and this is um the
romaine lettuce is what is it called
hard but we'll make notices up at the
phone Oh hard this like romaine hearts
cuz look how cute it is
see it's like a little we're gonna wrap
the blue boogie and that's the cooking
that I marinated it yeah we're not
really fancy kind of people we just
throw it off the plastic thing and
to be kinky silly a salt and and now
okay I'm gonna hurt
and we're gonna be adding yeah my
daughter's don't like to eat wall garlic
oh we just put the garlic whatever
vegetable you wanna eat it with
we just throw them all here and that
yeah yeah start with that yeah I don't
do too much Sally baby system or oil
looks dry now do this long side and cook
your best friend grant here J - and
you're from Mary no I know it in since
it was in high school he's like my son
that I never had and I have a
granddaughter grandson e doggie that I
never had
so my dogs are going crazy they smell
beneath so anyway enjoy the meal um have
fun with it
you could add carrots to this I don't
have time to slice the carrot you could
add Oh mushroom is perfect just put the
mushroom in here and then you just you
know mix it all up and eat and and then
you could freeze the leftover free
boogie and you know take it out and then
eat it this way again and it look like
we just made them so okay this is how
you walk this is how I eat on now
dipping sauce is right here I already
have a video on this by the way so
they're like oh where do you make that
it's on the YouTube put on meat there
and you could put some grilled onion
grill garlic whatever the vegetable that
you can find on your table top put a
little bit of rice and put too much rice
in it cuz you wanna meet yeah yeah
oh well and it's a by size under don't
be no take me eating this but it's going
into my mouth
it's good mm-hmm